I became your fiancee.
Nature will believe you.
At that point I also naturally introduce you to the mysterious organization behind me.
Fortunately, I went to the butler to ask for a kiss.
One word.
The Emperor didn't say he wanted to see you.
Lee didn't say, he's out there.
Look at him.
I don't want to see him.
What are you doing here?
About today.
There's no problem.
I have to explain it to you.
It's not what you think.
How?
Your collusion.
What are you running around pretending to explain to me?
About eating the princess goodnight
I had my doubts.
I pretended to approach him just to entertain the real power behind him.
Here's the clue I found about him.
If you don't believe me.
I'll find the real chef in my own way.
Believe it or not.
Please don't interfere with me.